---
layout: post
title: 'List: Books In 2015'
date: 2015-11-25
original_date: 2015-03-26 08:00:00 -0600
---

**Current**

- *If You Will Ask - Reflections on the Power of Prayer*, Oswald Chambers

**Coming Up**

- *Infinite Jest*, David Foster Wallace
- *Reach For Infinity (The Infinity Project Book 3)*, Assorted Authors
- *Cato, a Tragedy*, Joseph Addison
- *Good To Great: Why Some Companies Make The Leap...And Others Don't*, Jim Collins
- *Bad for You: Exposing the War on Fun!*, Scott Cunningham
  <small>I've read the physical copy is worth getting.</small>
- *Making The Modern World: Materials And Dematerialization*, Vaclav Smil
- *Business Adventures*, John Brooks
- *Colonel Roosevelt*, Edmund Morris
- *Poseidon's Wake (Poseidon's Children Book 3)*, Alastair Reynolds

**Completed**

- *A Most Incomprehensible Thing: Notes Towards A Very Gentle Introduction to the Mathematics of Relativity*, Peter Collier<br />
  <small>Fantastic read.</small>
- *Marrow*, Robert Reed
- *The Sorrows of Young Werther*, Goethe
- *Shadow Divers: The True Adventure of Two Americans Who Risked Everything to Solve One of the Last Mysteries of World War II*, Robert Kurson
- *Slow Bullets*, Alastair Reynolds
- *Clean Ruby*, Jim Gay
- *Functional Javascript*, Michael Fogus
- *It's Behind You: The Making Of A Computer Game*, Bob Pape
- *Do No Harm: Stories of Life, Death, and Brain Surgery*, Henry Marsh
- *Heart of Darkness*, Joseph Conrad
- *Deep Navigation*, Alastair Reynolds
- *The Martian*, Andy Weir
- *Is God Anti-Gay?*, Sam Allberry
  <small>I heard about this listening to a Village podcast.
  Really nice little read.</small>
- *On The Steel Breeze (Poseidon's Children Book 2)*, Alastair Reynolds
- *Blue Remembered Earth (Poseidon's Children Book 1)*, Alastair Reynolds
  <small>I started to read *On The Steel Breeze* and decided its been
  long enough that I need to read the first one again. I'm on a Reynolds
  kick at the moment, so I've added one of his novellas and a collection too.</small>
- *Sandman*, Neil Gaiman<br />
  <small>Second read, still *the* best graphic novel I've ever read.</small>
- *The Rise Of Theodore Roosevelt*, Edmund Morris
- *Edge of Infinity (The Infinity Project Book 2)*, Assorted Authors
- *Engineering Infinity (The Infinity Project Book 1)*, Assorted Authors
- *A Fall Of Moondust*, Arthur C. Clarke
- *A Player Of Games (A Culture Novel Book 2)*, Iain M. Banks
- *Design Patterns In Ruby*, Russ Olsen
- *Confident Ruby*, Avdi Grimm

**Abandoned**

- *The Message SOLO: An Uncommon Devotional*, Katie Peckham
- *For Whom The Bell Tolls*, Ernest Hemingway
- *Use Of Weapons (A Culture Novel Book 3)*, Iain M. Banks
  <small>Banks interleaves two related storylines, alternating with chapter.
  This is really confusing - like a Tarantino film without the contextual
  clues. I'd like to come back to it when my coming up list gets shorter.</small>
