---
layout: post
title: 'List: Books In 2016'
date: 2016-10-21
original_date: 2016-01-15 08:00:00 -0600
---

**Current**

- *The Left Hand of Darkness*, Ursula K. Le Guin
- *The Year Without Pants: WordPress.com and the Future of Work*, Scott Berkun

**Hugo and Nebula Sprint**

<small>To read by the end of 2016!</small>

- *The Gods Themselves*, Issac Asimov
- *The Dispossessed*, Ursula K. Le Guin
- *Gateway*, Frederik Pohl
- *The Fountains of Paradise*, Arthur C. Clarke
- *Startide Rising*, David Brin
- *Doomsday Book*, Connie Willis
- *American Gods*, Neil Gaiman
- *Paladin of Souls*, Lois McMaster Bujold
- *The Yiddish Policemen's Union*, Michael Chabon
- *The Windup Girl*, Paolo Bacigalupi
- *Blackout/All Clear*, Connie Willis
- *Among Others*, Jo Walton
- *Ancillary Justice*, Ann Leckie

**Coming Up**

- *The Dark Forest*, Cixin Liu
  <small>I'm halfway through this. I really enjoyed The Three-Body Problem;
  this one just feels like a slog. I'll come back to it, maybe.</small>
- *War and Peace*, Leo Tolstoy
- *Ten Years in the Tub*, Nick Hornby<br />
  <small>No Kindle version</small>
- *Anna Karenina*, Leo Tolstoy
- *Fooled By Randomness*, Nassim Nicholas Taleb
- *The Wisdom of Crowds*, James Surowiecki
- *Made To Stick: Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die*, Chip and Dan Heath
- *The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich*, William L. Shirer
- *Infinite Jest*, David Foster Wallace
- *Cato, a Tragedy*, Joseph Addison
- *Good To Great: Why Some Companies Make The Leap...And Others Don't*, Jim Collins
- *Bad for You: Exposing the War on Fun!*, Scott Cunningham
  <small>I've read the physical copy is worth getting.</small>
- *Making The Modern World: Materials And Dematerialization*, Vaclav Smil
- *Colonel Roosevelt*, Edmund Morris
- *The Power Broker: Robert Moses and the Fall of New York*, Robert A. Caro
- *The Passage of Power; The Years of Lyndon Johnson IV*, Robert A. Caro
- *Titan: The Life of John D. Rockefeller, Sr.*, Ron Chernow
- *Alexander Hamilton*, Ron Chernow
- *Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World*, Cal Newport
- *Poseidon's Wake (Poseidon's Children Book 3)*, Alastair Reynolds
- *Growing Object-Oriented Software, Guided by Tests*, Steve Freeman & Nat Pryce
- *Unwritten Laws of Engineering*, W.J. King & James G. Skakoon
- *Software Development and Reality Construction*, Assorted Authors
  <small>Out of print? Every copy I can find is crazy expensive.</small>

**Completed**

- *Rendezvous with Rama*, Arthur C. Clarke
- *Revenger*, Alastair Reynolds
  <small>Reynolds is one of my favorite authors. So much fun to read.</small>
- *Rainbows End*, Vernor Vinge
- *A Place of Help: A Book Of Devotional Readings*, Oswald Chambers
- *Daily Rituals: How Artists Work*, Mason Currey
- *The Screwtape Letters*, C. S. Lewis
- *Leviathan Wakes (The Expanse Book 1)*, James S. A. Corey
- *Forgotten God: Reversing Our Tragic Neglect of the Holy Spirit*, Francis Chan
- *Masters of Doom: How Two Guys Created an Emprie and Transformed Pop Culture*, David Cushner
- *Half Way Home*, Hugh Howey
- *Beacon 23: The Complete Novel*, Hugh Howey
- *The Expert Beginner*, Erik Dietrich
- *Keyless In Alaska: Brother Darrell's Alaskan Adventures*, Darrell Purdy
- *Knocking at God's Door: A Little Book of Prayers*, Oswald Chambers
- *Reach For Infinity (The Infinity Project Book 3)*, Assorted Authors
- *For Whom The Bell Tolls*, Ernest Hemingway
- *The Notes: Ronald Reagan's Private Collection of Stories and Wisdom*, Ronald Reagan
- *Business Adventures: Twelve Classic Tales from the World of Wall Street*, John Brooks
- *The Pursuit Of God*, A. W. Tozer<br />
  <small>Second read. Wonderful book.</small>
- *Lois on the Loose*, Lois Pryce
- *If You Will Ask - Reflections on the Power of Prayer*, Oswald Chambers
- *The Three-Body Problem*, Cixin Liu<br />
  <small>Really, really great. Couldn't put it down.</small>
- *The Score Takes Care of Itself: My Philosophy of Leadership*, Bill Walsh, Steve Jamison, Craig Walsh
- *Foreigner*, C.J. Cherryh

**Notes**

- Oct 21 2016<br />
  <small>I want to read through all of the combined Hugo and Nebula [award
  winning
  novels](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_joint_winners_of_the_Hugo_and_Nebula_awards#Novel).
  I've already read Dune, Ringworld, The Forever War, The Forever Peace,
  Neuromancer, Ender's Game, and Speaker for the Dead. That leaves 16 novels by
  the end of the year. Should be fun, if not a little sacrificial of my current
  list.</small>

- Jun 29 2016<br />
  <small>A motorcycle trip starting in mid-May took up most of my reading time.
  I was able to finish a couple of books; hopefully, my normal reading schedule
  can resume now.</small>

- Mar 7 2016<br />
  <small>Taking on some heavy reading for the next few books.</small>

- Jan 15 2016<br />
  <small>I've added quite a few new ones in the last week, trying to force
  myself to read a little every day. We'll see if it works. I'm also
  considering a switch to physical copies (vs a Kindle); I like the idea of
  marking up books, but I'm not sure I like it enough to have a bunch of books
  lying around.</small>

- Feb 18 2016<br />
  <small>My pace has slowed somewhat. *Lois on the Loose* and *The Pursuit of
  God* are short, but *Business Adventures* is long-ish. Almost done with it.
  I'd like to do a biography next.</small>
